-Wow! I love your new car.
-It's really fast.
-Are you gonna drive to the tent?
-As soon as we've started the show.
[both] Welcome
to The Great British Baking Show.
-[engine revs]
-See you down there, Paul.
-Do you want a lift?
-Er, I'm fine, thanks. I think I'll walk.
-Wow, such an athlete.
-I'm gonna get my steps in.
[Noel] This time...
Ooh! Way too hot!
[Noel] ...the bakers tackle
high-end patisserie...
This is not good.
[Noel] ...and geometry...
Roll the pastry into a square.
-[Noel] ...with a domed Signature...
-Yes!
-...a symmetrical Technical...
-Cut into two rectangles.
I can picture what it looks like.
[Noel] ...and a sugar cube Showstopper.
If you break it, gone.
[Noel] Excellence is expected.
It's the semifinal.
[Noel] And the smallest of slipups...
I need to chill out
because I'm getting stressed.
-...could dash their dreams...
-I never feel calm.
...of competing in the final.
-I'm having a total disaster.
-They definitely picked a difficult one,
but then we wouldn't expect any less.
[theme music playing]
[Sandi] It's the semifinal,
and the four remaining bakers
must be cut down to a last lucky three
for next week's grand final.
It's so special to be in the semifinal,
regardless of what happens this week.
Yes, the semifinal. What?
It's not the week to drop the ball.
I definitely would like to get
to the final. I will be buzzing for that.
No-one gets to the semifinal and goes,
"Don't wanna do the final. Nah."
[Sandi] If they are to triumph,
the bakers must succeed
in three intense and demanding
patisserie challenges.
I do not know a lot about patisserie.
Fancy pies and tarts, I've never
been interested in doing them.
This week is blooming difficult
because everything's so fiddly.
[Alice] I think patisserie's gonna test
everything I've learned so far.
It needs to be kind of refined
and it needs to kind of look perfect.
I'm a bit worried about that.
[Steph] Technically, this is one
of the hardest things we'll do.
Morning, bakers.
Welcome back to the tent
and your very first semifinal challenge.
Today, the judges would like you
to make something
that Sandi is very passionate about.
Honestly, these are like the crème
de la crème of the bakery world.
These are domed tartlets, right?
What's not to get... [wheezes]
You'll have to take over,
It's too much for me.
Okay. The judges would
like you to make eight...
Eight! [giggles]
...elegant, beautifully decorated
domed tartlets.
They must have a sweet pastry case
and be exquisitely decorated.
-You've got two-and-a-half hours.
-On your marks...
-Get set...
-Bake!
I'm feeling quite nervous.
It definitely hasn't sunk in that
I'm in the semifinal. That's crazy!
In a couple of months' time,
I'll be like, "Whoa!"
[Paul] The Signature Challenge
this week is a domed tart.
It's very much a French pastry, this.
So, we expect that little bit of...
je ne sais quoi.
They need to be absolutely identical.
They need to be as neat as pins.
[Paul] This challenge
is all about timing, precision,
and the setting.
We want that flakiness and butteriness
that a good sweet pastry brings,
and then you want
to pack a punch with the top.
[Prue] It's definitely the hardest week
they've done so far.
But it's the semifinal,
and we have to find
the three best bakers
to go through to the final.
-[squelchs]
-Pardon you.
[squelchs]
Wearing a tie for young Henry,
who we miss intensely.
-Henry left.
-He's living on in us this week.
But it's quite hot in the tent
so I think I'll take...
[Steph] What's the key
to getting this bake right?
The riskiest thing is just everything
setting and getting it done in time.
[Alice] They're gonna be my pastry cases,
which is a chocolate,
sweet, shortcrust pastry.
And it's really delicate.
Well, that's the aim anyway. Morning.
-[Prue] Hello, Alice.
-Alice...
-Happy semifinal.
-Thank you.
Tell us all about your domed tart.
Er, so, I am doing a mocha,
orange and hazelnut domed tart.
I think you've won.
I think that's it.
[Noel] Alice's domes will be filled
with a mocha mousse,
an orange curd,
and hazelnut praline paste.
And topped off
with a chocolate mirror glaze.
[Paul] How big
are these tartlets gonna be?
They're quite, er... They're quite big.
-[Paul] Oh, wow, okay.
-That's quite a lot of very rich stuff.
You just get more yumminess that way.
I love the idea of chocolate
and hazelnut together.
It's one of my favourite things.
Good luck.
-Thank you very much.
-Thank you.
I'm making a... I can't say it.
Pâte sablée?
Something like that.
It's quite a rich pastry.
It's almost like shortbread.
It sounds French.
[Noel] Steph's domes will be covered
in a white chocolate glaze,
filled with a raspberry jelly
and lemon mousse,
perched on a pâte sablée pastry.
Do you not think pâte sablée
sound like a singer?
-Welcome to the stage...
-[both] ...Pâte Sablée.
-Coming in at number two.
-Yeah. [laughing]
Obviously, we are at semifinal stage.
-You've won the most Star Bakers.
-I know.
Do you see yourself in the final?
I'm just taking each bake as it comes.
-What will be, will be.
-[Paul] Good luck, Steph.
-Thank you.
-Good luck.
I'm just lining my pastry cases.
I don't want any gaps,
or any leaky filling.
[Rosie] This is pâte sablée pastry.
Things that come into your head
when you think "patisserie"
is just super neat, super precise.
Yes. She says, cobbling together
random bits of pastry, but whatever.
If you get through, final.
Did you think you were good?
-My family think I'm good.
-Family always thinks you're good.
When I used to do stand-up gigs
and I'd absolutely die on my arse,
my mum and dad would go,
"We thought you were funny."
-I think you're funny. I'd laugh at you.
-[laughs] That's what my mum says.
"I think you're funny."
[David] I'm doing hazelnut biscuit
at the bottom.
I didn't want to do a whole case.
That just goes straight in the oven,
and then I cut the circles afterwards.
So, they are going in
for 12 to 14 minutes at 175.
[Sandi] With their bases in the oven,
the bakers can start
on the first of their domes'
multiple fillings.
Right, what's next?
Zest a lemon.
This is the filling for my dome.
They kind of all revolve around
the drink, a liqueur spritz.
I think it's delicious.
[Noel] David's aperitif jelly will be
encased in a leche flan dome,
perched on an orange pastry disc,
topped with a mirror glaze, flavoured with
more of the botanical Italian spirit.
How do you feel about the possibility
of being in the final?
It's quite scary, actually.
We're gonna keep coming around
and reminding you of that.
-It's the semifinal.
-[Prue] Good luck, David.
-[David] Thanks.
-[exhales sharply]
[Noel] David's not the only baker
opting for an alcoholic flavour.
My tarts are lemon, raspberry and mint,
with a hint of gin.
With some pulled sugar strands
and some silver leaf.
I was gonna have another element
and I cut it out
'cause I'm being sensible.
I don't think I'm gonna get it done,
but, you know...
[Sandi] Rosie's pâte sablée pastry case
will have a raspberry gin
and mint crème pât,
a lemon Bavarian cream dome,
finished with a lemon mirror glaze.
-I can't believe you made it this far.
-Oh, thanks. Cheers!
[laughing] Joking.
-Semifinal's pretty good.
-Semifinal is good enough.
You wanna go, "I got to the final."
'Cause you're a vet,
if you only get to the semifinal, you'll
be operating on a pony or something.
It'll come to and go,
"Semifinal? Jesus!"
"Not even the final?"
[both laughing]
I don't think I like you any more.
-Meanie.
-I'm joking, you've done amazingly well.
[Steph] This is the lemon mousse.
I hope it's gonna be really lemony.
They never tell you that you need
biceps of steel in this competition.
Ooh, yeah. My arms are aching.
[Alice] This is my chocolate mocha mousse.
I need the mousse to freeze.
These need to be in the freezer ASAP.
You need to turn them out
when they're absolutely frozen.
[Noel] The bakers are using moulds
to achieve the all-important dome.
But if their soft, sloppy fillings
are to take shape,
it's vital they freeze solid.
[Steph] Hopefully they'll pop out nicely.
Blooming heck. Let's hope so, eh?
I mean, it's a domed tart,
so I need these domes to work.
-[David] Go straight into the freezer.
-Going in for as long as possible.
Get in the freezer
and hopefully set as quick as they can.
Right, we gotta do a time call.
Has anyone seen Sandi?
Oh, there she is. Okay.
Bakers, you are halfway through.
Halfway through.
Don't worry, I got this.
[Alice] Right.
I think I'll get the tarts out.
That is ready now, actually.
That's what I want.
Just go with that.
Got to cut my circles out now
while it's still warm.
[Rosie] I'm happy with the colour.
The tops are a bit scrappy.
I don't really know why.
But in the grand scheme of things,
if the pastry's cooked, who really cares?
They've spread a bit,
but it is what it is.
[Alice] Yeah, that's done. Phew!
[Sandi] To sandwich
their tart cases and domes,
the bakers are creating something
that packs in more flavour.
Right, next I'm gonna do my liqueur jelly.
[Sandi] But they must
get the balance right
or risk overpowering the rest of the bake.
[Rosie] This is my yuzu jelly.
Yuzu is citrus,
but it's really, really strong.
That's why it's only a very small jelly.
[Steph] This is for my raspberry jelly.
I do love a bit of fruit
in pretty much everything I do.
[Alice] This is my orange curd.
I want it fairly thick
'cause it's got to support the dome.
Have you ever fixed a gorilla?
-No.
-A chimp?
-No monkeys. Just no monkeys.
-No primates.
-I'm sorry.
-Just farm animals.
Yeah, I've treated pigs.
Castrated many pigs.
Castra... Wow! [laughing]
Wow. Castrated pigs?
What's the biggest animal
you've castrated?
-A giant bull.
-A bull?
Bulls are quite angry anyway.
I bet when he woke up, he was fuming.
Right. Double cream,
double cream, double cream.
[Sandi] The bakers' domes will be built up
of seven separate elements,
each one giving them the chance
to showcase their flair for flavour.
I'm just making the espresso buttercream.
[David] Rhubarb.
These will be roasted in the oven.
One of my favourite flavours.
I just don't like things too sweet.
I'm doing the crème pât,
raspberry and mint.
I hate eating it. I think it's horrible.
I hate anything that's custardy.
But it is useful as a base for things.
[Alice] Getting there.
It's the last half an hour
that really stresses me out.
Everything is fine, and then it's like,
"Oh, God! What if not everything is fine?"
-All right, Noel? You look a bit tired.
-I'm fine.
-Okay.
-Bakers, you got half an hour left.
Half an hour.
[Alice chuckles] Oh, dear.
I never feel calm.
Even when I'm done, I don't feel calm.
I do sometimes flap.
Right, mirror glaze.
[Alice] To hide any dodgy bits
in the mirror glaze.
[Steph] It's a white chocolate
mirror glaze.
Bit of sweetness in there
'cause it's quite tart, the rest of it.
[David] This is white chocolate
for my mirror glaze.
I want this to be about 32.
Ooh! Way too hot.
A bit too hot. I'm gonna leave it
completely alone for two minutes,
then it's gonna have to go.
I haven't got time to do anything else.
Rhubarb, you want it to be just cooked.
It looks good, so, construct.
I need to assemble it all.
My crème pât's too thin.
Eejit. Eejit, eejit, eejit.
This is hazelnut praline paste.
It's not spreading. Come on, you.
This is so annoying. I'm just gonna
use my fingers. Don't judge.
[David] The one thing that's a shame is
you don't see the rhubarb.
One time I did make a larger base
so you could still see it,
but then it didn't look very good.
This is for my chocolate drizzle.
How long have we got to go?
[Noel] Bakers, you have ten minutes left.
Just ten minutes for your domed tartlets.
Yes! Domed tartlets!
Okay. I need to get my domes out
and hope that they are frozen.
[Noel] If the bakers' domes
aren't set solid,
they'll be impossible to get out
of the mould without damaging.
Okay. Come on. Looks like they're okay.
Pure mocha mousse.
[Steph] That's where the jelly's gonna go.
I'm really scared.
A lot softer than it was at home.
I feel like this is all gonna go wrong.
[David] Right, so...
They're like little, sort of,
sweet scotch eggs, but with no egg.
In my mind, domed tartlets were like,
you know, Center Parcs.
-[David] I like little domes.
-I like little domes.
-[Sandi] Scotch eggs. They look good.
-[Rosie] They're fine.
-They look like very small implants.
-[Steph] Massively freaking out.
It's definitely way more set at home.
[Noel] To coat the domes properly
and create the desired shine,
the mirror glaze must be
the perfect consistency.
Yeah, this is too thin, really.
I'll use up all the glaze I've got.
They'll still be shiny,
just a bit rubbish-looking.
[exhales sharply]
I'm not happy with it in general.
It's a bit of a mess.
Bakers, you have five minutes.
Ooh! On you go.
-Yes!
-This is supposed to be beautifully set,
before, you know, whatever.
Okay. Just piping my buttercream.
I need to chill out,
because I'm getting stressed.
My hands are getting clammy.
I literally can't grip this piping bag.
-Bakers, you have one minute left.
-[Sandi] Just one minute.
[Alice] Didn't put my layer of crunch on.
[Sandi] Bakers, your time is up!
-Done.
-[cork pops]
Please place your domed tartlets
at the end of your workstations.
[Sandi] David, please place
one of those drinks in my hand.
-[Noel] I'll have the bottle.
-[chuckles]
[Rosie] My crème pât isn't set.
It's oozing out the top.
When they cut it, that one
will splodge out. They won't like that.
I've got some domed tarts, at least.
They look like boobs. Never mind.
[Sandi] The bakers' domed tarts will now
face the judgment of Paul and Prue.
-[Prue] Hello, David.
-Hi, there.
I love that they look so unusual.
Never seen anything like that
in a pastry shop,
and I would want to buy one.
Colour's nice. It's all uniform.
If you're gonna put nuts around the
outside, blitz them down even smaller.
The smaller they are,
the more professional it'll look.
Love the flavour.
The bitterness that comes through,
it's from the aperitif which you've got
in the jelly form. It's delicious.
I don't think it looks particularly good,
but I do like the flavours.
-Particularly the rhubarb.
-Hmm.
Because the rhubarb cuts through
the general richness of it all.
-Can I have a slug of that?
-[David] That's for you.
The excuse is, it's a good palate clearer
for the next one.
[Paul] True.
-Thanks, David.
-Thanks.
-[Noel] Okay. See you.
-[laughs]
I absolutely love the colour.
I think the size of them is perfect.
[Paul] The base don't look too bad.
[Prue] Nice little bits of pulled sugar.
I like that.
[Paul] It's a shame about the crème pât.
It needs cooking out a bit more.
It's just a bit too soft.
-The jelly is perfect.
-It's a shame about the crème pât.
It's not very neat down at the bottom
on any one of them.
[Prue] I like the design.
I love that, and the colours.
-It's akin to a lemon meringue pie.
-Okay.
The sharpness is there,
the flavours are there,
-but it's a bit too soft.
-Hmm.
I agree it's a bit soft,
but if you were eating it as a pudding
-with a spoon, you'd be fine.
-Yeah.
-[Prue] Nearly perfect.
-Thanks.
The dome, the shine you've achieved
is fantastic.
The pipework is not particularly good.
It's such a pity, Alice,
because that one is near perfect,
and some of the others
are really all over the place.
But the overall look
is pretty professional.
-Oh, my goodness.
-[Paul] It's held together quite nicely.
The pastry's lovely and crisp.
Nice flavour.
You've got a lovely buttery feel to it
'cause it crumbles in the mouth
and it melts beautifully.
The orange comes through.
-It's quite a big tartlet.
-Yeah.
But they are really good.
The only thing that let you down
was the piping.
-Yeah.
-But your flavours and textures,
and the actual base is stunning.
The flavours are gorgeous. Well done.
Thank you very much.
I am so happy with that.
I will take that.
I'll take my rubbish piping any day.
They liked the flavours
and that's the most important thing.
[David] They're judging
quite harshly today.
They're picking people up
on lots of little issues.
Their only negative was
that my crème pât wasn't set,
and I did know that.
I knew that mousse hadn't
set properly. I have no idea why.
The Technical might really matter
this week, with only four of us.
The Technical for patisserie
is quite terrifying.
Yeah, patisserie Technical.
That's not gonna be easy, is it?
[Sandi] As usual, the bakers may have
practised their Signature bakes,
but when it comes to the Technical,
what they'll be making
is a complete mystery.
Hello, lovelies.
It's time for your Technical Challenge,
which today has been set for you
by the lovely Prue.
Any words of wisdom?
This is very difficult to make look good.
-Oh, God.
-[Prue] Good luck.
[all laughing]
Okay. As ever, this Technical Challenge
will be judged blind.
So, we have to ask these two cuties
to leave the tent.
-Off you pop.
-Bye.
-Where they going?
-I believe Prue is respraying Paul's tan.
Okay. Prue would like you to make
gâteau St-Honoré.
Named after?
Obviously, St Honoré.
You knew that, right?
-Absolutely.
-The French patron saint
of bakers and pastry chefs.
He was like a Prue Leith of his day,
but without the challenging necklaces.
-[Noel] Wow.
-Mm, yeah.
So, unlike the classic round gâteau shape
you may be familiar with,
Prue would like your gâteau St-Honoré
to be rectangular
and comprised of two layers.
[Noel] The first layer
must be puff pastry,
followed by choux buns
dipped in sweet caramel,
and then filled
with a silky crème chiboust.
You've no idea
what you just said, have you?
-No.
-Repeat that for the second layer
and finish with piped Chantilly cream.
-You have three-and-a-half hours.
-On your marks...
-Get set...
-Bake!
Oh, there's a lot of writing here.
I feel like I have heard of it.
I can kind of picture what it looks like.
I'm just gonna try and not stress.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I made this a long time ago
and it went wrong
and I never made it again.
They've definitely picked a difficult one,
but then we wouldn't expect any less.
This looks pretty complicated.
This is the semifinal,
it's not meant to be easy.
It's a gâteau St-Honoré.
It's difficult to make it not look a mess.
Everything has to be right.
The choux buns have to be the right size.
The creams have to be the right texture.
The pastry has to be thin
and neatly trimmed.
They have to do puff pastry,
which is going to be difficult.
[Paul] I think it's a great challenge.
It's one of the most wonderful
French patisseries.
I mean, that looks beautiful.
Nice crisp caramel.
Mmm. The choux pastry is filled
with really satiny crème chiboust,
which is basically crème pâtissière
but with some egg whites to lighten it.
[Paul] It's crispy puff.
Nicely set choux buns.
And you've got that softness coming
from the chiboust and from the Chantilly.
The combination's fantastic.
This is worth every single calorie, Paul.
[chuckles]
I'll just get on with it.
Er, we're making puff pastry. Full puff.
We're making full puff?
We're doing full puff.
Right, let's go in.
[David] So, I've not done puff pastry
for a long time.
I'm definitely a rough puff kind of guy.
There's a lot to do, and there's a lot
to think about and not mess up.
[Steph] Don't wanna overwork this.
Perhaps need to roll it out quite thin.
"Put the butter on the dough
so it covers the bottom two-thirds,
and do a single turn and chill."
[Alice] "Single turn and chill."
Gosh. Just not nailing this.
My dough is quite sticky.
I don't know if I should worry about that.
Don't know why.
Okay. I'm gonna put it in the fridge.
I should probably make my choux.
Do you remember The Shoe People?
I loved that programme.
♪ The Shoe, Shoe, Shoe, Shoe People ♪
♪ Do-do-do-do-do-do ♪
I've heated up the water and butter,
so I'm just gonna
shoot my flour in there.
[David] Does this look like
choux pastry to you?
I think it's meant to form a V shape.
So, like this, a V.
-Is this for the choux?
-[laughs]
It's quite... It's quite firm.
-Yeah.
-Look at that. Excalibur.
[high-pitched vocalising] Chosen one.
It's something to do with a triangle.
I'm not getting any triangles.
-A triangle?
-That's what Michael told me.
Michael, he's not here anymore.
Don't listen to him, he's gone.
It's actually really slack.
Don't know why it's so thin.
Might try it and see.
[Alice] It says to make 28 circles.
Don't know if they're completely even,
but there we go.
They're not all the right size.
[Rosie] It's not a beautiful choux, is it?
I'm putting these in.
I'm thinking ten minutes.
[Rosie] I'm gonna give them ten minutes.
But if they're not puffing up,
they get pulled and I start again.
Bakers, you are halfway through
your Technical Challenge.
Halfway through.
Hey, kids. Halfway through. Kids...
Don't leave me hanging. Steph?
Halfway through.
-Alice, how long we got left?
-[Alice] Halfway through.
They are listening.
Erm, right, puff pastry.
That was resting for ages.
Right, let's see where
we're going with this now.
The next one's a book turn.
So, a book turn, we go like this.
And like this, I think.
And then in half again.
I don't really know how many times
I'm meant to turn this.
[Rosie] Looking for nice lamination.
'Cause if the butter comes through
then you're gonna mess up
the nice layers you're trying to get.
Put you back in the freezer.
Right, shall I see the choux?
-My choux are puffing up okay.
-[Sandi] They're looking nice.
I think you're a choux-in.
Those are puffing, but not very well.
-[David] They're done.
-[Alice] I have some choux buns.
They're okay.
They're all very different in size,
but whatevs.
[Rosie] They're like little bricks.
I might just start again.
I'm starting again.
[David] Let's roll this thing.
So, roll the pastry
into a 28-centimetre square.
It's meant to be
in sheets of laminated butter.
This seems like it's more in chunks.
Chunky monkey.
I'm trying to work out
why they haven't given us many folds.
Probably 'cause if the layers are too thin
then the butter will just burst through.
[Steph] We're getting butter seepage.
Nothing to see here.
I'm just gonna leave it to chill again.
Chilling just sorts everything out.
[Rosie] It's happened again.
My choux pastry is liquid.
I don't know why. I don't understand.
I just don't understand.
Oh, for goodness' sake,
this is not gonna work.
It's failed.
Goes to the graveyard of choux buns.
Erm, my pastry's failed as well.
All the butter's burst through.
You can see all the butter at the top.
I've gotta remake everything.
[sighs]
Bakers, you have one...
Excuse me? Hello.
Bakers, you have one hour. Just one hour.
Erm, I might just go home now.
Oh, my God.
[David] We'll put that puff pastry in.
We are in the oven.
[David] Place a large baking tray on top
and bake.
Otherwise it goes... [mimics explosion]
[Sandi] Darling, that's not a good face.
Everything's gone wrong.
I'm remaking my pastry, my choux.
But the second choux hasn't worked either.
I make choux all the time.
Slow down. What's the problem?
My choux was too thin, I couldn't pipe it.
It was just blobs.
-[exhales heavily]
-Take a breath. You've got this, okay?
-I don't think I do have this.
-Yes, you do.
So, what's next?
[David] "Make the crème chiboust."
Chi-boust? Chi-bousse?
Chi-boost? Chiboust.
So, this is the crème pât.
I need to make it into a crème chiboust.
If only I had concentrated more
in French lessons,
then I might know what "chiboust" means.
Je ne sais pas. Don't know.
The crème pât's thickening very fast,
to the point where it's splitting.
Think if I get a whisk, I can sort it out.
Made a crème pâtissière before.
I've just read about the stiff egg whites,
so I'm assuming it's more
mousse-like, maybe.
So, three leaves gelatin.
Erm, I have decided...
erm, just to stick
with my original pastry.
-Because I've got so much to remake.
-[David] You can do it.
If anyone can do it, you can.
These egg whites look a bit ropey,
shall we say.
-So, I'm just folding this in.
-That's lovely. Pillowy.
Want it to be smooth
'cause it's going inside my choux.
That's my third attempt at the choux,
and it still looks slack.
But whatever, we're piping this.
This is being piped.
[Steph] Just having a quick look
at this bad boy.
I mean, that's pretty terrible as far
as how much butter's come out of it.
No idea what this is like, but I can see
it browning quite a lot on the edge.
Think that might be done.
Ooh, you bastard.
Didn't lift up at the edges, did it?
It's not a great puff.
I'm making my crème pât again.
I forgot to add the gelatin because
I am a massive, massive idiot.
I've done everything
either twice or three times.
How long have we got left?
Bakers, you got half an hour.
Is it cooked through? I dunno.
I'm going with it.
The choux is in. Who knows
what it's gonna do? But it's in.
It's not over. It's not over.
Next is making a caramel
and then dipping these in it.
It is starting to colour. It should do.
Just don't want it to burn.
Lots can go wrong with caramel.
Oh, yeah.
[Alice] Hope that's not burnt.
I worry that that's too dark.
Too late now.
I might just make the top ones
a little lighter.
Okay, right. So, let's try that again.
The choux buns are actually puffing up.
The choux are puffing. Thank God.
Fifteen minutes.
How do we assemble this bad boy?
"Trim the sheet of puff pastry
and cut into two rectangles."
Sawing wood.
Everything's ready to go,
apart from, obviously, the caramel.
Please work.
Pipe a wide ribbon of crème chiboust
down the middle.
This looked so nice when I was making it,
now it just looks congealed.
[Steph] Fill each choux bun
with crème chiboust. Ooh.
You can... Ooh. You can feel it going in.
Don't really know
if this is going in or not.
I'm trying to see which ones
look vaguely reasonable.
-I feel like--
-Okay, let me tell you.
-Okay.
-That guy, good. That guy, good.
That guy's an idiot.
[Alice] I don't know how
I'm gonna fit these on.
I'm gonna have to
make mine come off the edge
as much as I can.
[Rosie] Ow-ee, they're really hot.
They look like choux buns.
Not beautiful choux buns,
-but they are recognisably buns of choux.
-How long have we got?
You have five minutes left, bakers.
[Alice] Do you like my two-tone caramel?
[Steph] This looks really terrible.
[David] Don't fall off now.
[Alice] It just says "decorate".
I don't know what else I could do.
[Rosie] I've lost count.
Don't know if I've done enough,
or too many, or anything now.
Lost track of everything.
[Steph] That's gonna be
as good as it gets.
[Alice] I've got a two-tone
caramel thing going on.
[Rosie] Need to put the prettiest ones
on top.
She's got less to worry about
than she's worrying about.
[Rosie] I have something.
It really looked like
I was gonna have nothing.
-Bakers, your time is up.
-[David] Whoo!
[sighs]
[Sandi] Please do
what you're automatically doing.
Our babies are all grown up.
-They don't need us any more.
Just as well.
Oh, my God. Can't believe
I nearly dropped that.
[Noel] Prue and Paul are looking
for a beautiful gâteau St-Honoré
with crisp puff pastry
and perfect choux buns
filled with silky-smooth chiboust,
finished with caramel and Chantilly cream.
-Shall we start with this one?
-[Paul] The colour of the choux buns
doesn't look too bad.
They're all pretty much the same size.
The pastry looks soggy.
Butter's poured out.
I'm trying to get
to the chiboust down here.
Well, that's split.
[Prue] Good caramel.
Nice and crackly and thin.
It's a very nice pastry.
It's not perfect, but it's okay.
[Paul] Moving on to number two.
You know when you get
the big holes here...
normally an indication
that you have lost a bit of butter,
but you can see the flake anyway,
and it is thin.
Choux buns look a bit irregular in colour.
Some are dark, some are light.
The chiboust is a little bit like
scrambled egg, but it tastes okay.
I love the size of those choux buns,
they're not too big.
And moving on to this one.
The Chantilly cream's over-whipped.
[Prue] The pastry looks good.
Feels good. It's quite solid.
I'd say that caramel is overdone.
[Paul] It is overdone.
You can taste the burnt caramel.
[Prue] It's too strong.
[Paul] This looks quite delicate,
this one.
[Prue] Except that the choux buns
are all upside-down.
It's got a nice flake, nice and thin.
[Prue] Nice, crisp pastry.
Hmm. How's the chiboust?
-It's pretty smooth, isn't it?
-Hmm, good.
The puff's good as well.
[Prue] I don't complain about this at all
except that the choux buns
are definitely upside-down.
They are, for sure. Okay,
this'll be an interesting judging.
[Sandi] Prue and Paul will now rank
the gâteau St-Honoré from worst to best.
Okay, in fourth position is this one.
Whose is this?
Alice, you had a few issues with the puff.
There is problems with the Chantilly
and the chiboust as well,
and you burnt the caramel on the bottom.
In third place is this one.
Steph, a little untidy.
Too much caramel,
so it's become a bit lumpy,
but delicious.
In second place is... this one.
Whose is this?
Actually not bad at all.
Looks like scrambled egg, the chiboust,
and there's a little bit of sogginess
running through the puff pastry as well.
Which leaves... this one.
Rosie. Well done, Rosie.
It's absolutely perfect
except the profiteroles are upside-down.
Otherwise, it's delicious.
[laughs] I'm sorry.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
[laughs] I-- I can't believe it.
That was my most stressful bake...
and I won it.
Another second.
The sixth second in a Technical.
Second will get you
all the way to the final.
Might not make you win the final,
but it'll get you there.
They're gonna be picky,
it's the semifinal.
They're not gonna let anything go.
I've just gotta pick it up again tomorrow.
There's not as many left now,
so your chances get less and less.
[indistinct chatter]
So yesterday, everybody chugging along.
Then I thought Rosie,
gonna crash and burn.
She came first in the Technical.
I don't know where we are.
[Paul] Steph, who's won Star Baker
more than anybody else,
struggled a little bit.
Her Signature tasted delicious,
but the texture was all wrong.
[Sandi] What about David?
[Paul] He struggled in his Signature,
and it came down to the look of it.
So, I think the steady dark horse
in this race is Alice.
[Prue] Alice is steady, usually,
but she did do a pretty poor Technical.
Knowing it's the final next week,
there is no room for error now.
It may be the person who fails
rather than the person who triumphs?
I think putting patisserie week
in a semifinal is pretty cruel.
-Was that your idea?
-[laughing]
-Masterstroke.
-[both imitate maniacal laughter]
Get that man a white cat.
Morning, bakers. Welcome to your
semifinal Showstopper Challenge.
Today, the judges would like you to create
a spectacular sugar glass display case,
completely transparent.
And inside, there needs to be
an edible depiction of something
that you hold precious
to you in your life.
I know we all love him,
but it can't be Noel, okay?
Could be me.
I could totally fit in a glass case.
[Noel] Totally.
Your glass case
can be any shape that you like,
but the object inside must contain
at least one baked element.
You know what I'm talking about.
Cakes, biscuits, that kind of thing.
-You have four-and-a-half hours.
-On your marks...
-Get set...
-Bake.
I'm trying to tell myself I'm calm,
and if I keep telling myself,
it might happen.
It is a bit surreal that this is the bake
that could get us into the final,
but I'm not really thinking about that.
I'm thinking about whether I can do it.
So, yeah, I'm scared.
What we want is
a real celebration of patisserie.
Showcasing it in a sugar glass cabinet
emphasises that.
[Alice] Patisserie week
is all about precision,
so, trying not to wing it
like I normally do.
[Prue] The sugar glass cabinet
has to be crystal-clear.
We want to see through it,
like through a pane of glass.
[Paul] Then you've gotta think of
what they're gonna put in the middle.
It has to be really high-class,
exquisite pastries.
Flavours, they can use anything they wish,
anything from banana
to a raspberry to a coffee.
[Prue] We want lots of different textures.
Jellies, mousses, ganache,
maybe sponge cake.
But it has to work together
so that it feels as if it's married
and that's how it should be.
[Paul] This is gonna be
quite a tricky challenge.
We're looking for an artist,
an architect, a baker.
This is semifinal.
It has to be just amazing.
[Alice] I've gotta keep
on top of things today
because timing is an issue
and I've got a glass case to make.
[Noel] What the bakers present
inside their case is entirely up to them,
but it must have one baked element.
I'm starting with my cake dough.
So butter, flour, flour, eggs, done.
This is a joconde sponge.
Yes, that's what we're doing.
I'm making my Génoise sponge.
Yeah, I'm in the zone.
[Sandi] The bakers have four-and-a-half
hours to complete this monster challenge,
and time is something
that is very much on Rosie's mind.
[Rosie] This is my brioche dough.
Mine is about the concept of time,
spending time with family.
Lately, I've spent a lot less time
with family than I would've liked.
I haven't really seen my husband
since I started this.
He's in my house and he sometimes
clears the kitchen up for me.
[Sandi] Inside Rosie's sugar glass case
will be a range of classic patisserie,
including miniature choux bun religieuse,
brioche tarte Tropézienne
and a chocolate tartlet,
all resting on an orange sablée
Breton clock face.
We've given you four-and-a-half hours
to complete this challenge.
When does your baking stop
and your construction start?
I'm getting the baked elements completed
and the fillings
and their components ready to go,
and then stop all of that
and focus on the box.
You had a great day yesterday, Rosie.
With luck you'll have another one today.
[laughs]
[David] This is definitely gonna be
a sweet cake.
It's gonna have a substantial amount
of grated beetroot in one
and grated parsnip in another.
These root vegetables
have a lot of natural sugars in them.
We're going for six layers. They're not
thick layers, gotta remember that.
Gotta remember, not thick,
not thick layers.
[Rosie] I'm just putting my brioche dough
into the moulds.
[Alice] That's the Genoise sponge.
I'm doing a representation
of a coral reef.
The glass case kind of symbolises
how fragile the oceans are,
so I'm gonna represent that in a cake.
Yeah. We'll see how it goes.
You never know.
[Noel] Inside Alice's sugar glass case
will be a mirror-glazed entremets cake
built up of five separately set
and then layered elements.
It will be adorned with vibrant
isomalt corals and chocolate shells.
-Wow, there's a lot going on with this.
-Yes.
It sounds amazing,
the flavours that you've got going on.
-There's so many layers to this.
-Yeah.
It's about getting the timing right
for every single layer to build it up.
Yeah.
Good luck, Alice.
We'll leave you to it.
-Thank you very much.
-You look a bit hassled.
Thank you.
I'm gonna put this cake in now.
It's going in at 180 degrees.
50 minutes and then check.
[Steph] Let's do it. All in together.
[Rosie] I'm blind baking
my little tartlet cases
and cooking my brioche at the same time.
That's the Genoise sponge.
About 15 minutes, probably.
Right, so that's one element done.
Next, ganache.
[David] Right. I'm gonna make
the maple syrup buttercream.
It goes really well with these kind
of spicy cakes. It's very creamy.
[Rosie] I'm going to make choux pastry.
Yeah, after yesterday,
I am absolutely terrified.
[Alice] I'm making my entremets mousse.
I didn't think it was that ambitious.
Now I'm starting to think it was.
But it's the semifinal,
so I wasn't gonna try and play it safe.
[Sandi] But not all the bakers
are employing the same strategy as Alice.
I definitely haven't planned this,
so it's right to the wire.
It's important to not have
given yourself so much to do
that you don't have time
to make things look good.
That will be a disaster.
[Sandi] David's ambitions do stretch
to a sugar glass terrarium,
home to a tower of sponges
made with beetroot and prunes,
parsnips and apricots,
and topped off with elegantly piped
buttercream cacti and succulents.
-So, you've got a cake, essentially.
-Yes.
I don't want a door wedge of sponge
with a load of buttercream in it.
I'm trying to do it neatly
and make it patisserie-like.
[Rosie] This is my craquelin.
It's just flour, sugar and butter.
You put a little disc
on top of each choux bun.
It makes them slightly more crunchy on top
and my choux looks okay.
Maybe. Once they've puffed up
in the oven, we'll decide.
[Alice] With the entremets,
all the layers have to be set.
So, I'm setting the lemon
and the raspberry first.
This is gonna be for my ganache.
You don't want it to boil.
I get scared when I'm doing this one.
I'm making an opera cake,
an ode to my amazing grandpa.
He's called Derek. Derek Percival George.
That's a good name. Strong name, eh?
[Sandi] Sitting inside
her seamless glass sugar case,
Steph's opera cake will alternate layers
of joconde sponge with chocolate ganache
and orange crème au beurre.
-Have you practiced this at home?
-Yeah, a few times.
-You've done okay in the time?
-Yeah.
I'm always worried
that something's gonna go wrong,
but that's just me.
-You'll be fine, Steph.
-[Steph] Thank you.
-I'm allergic to opera, sorry.
-Oh, God.
Let's have a look at this cake.
These are the tarte Tropézienne.
Do not quote my pronunciation.
If we're shoddy on a few,
then it's gonna have to be what it is
because it's as good as it gets.
Sugar glass cabinet challenge.
I think this plays to the strengths
of most of them.
[Alice] That's the Genoise sponge.
Alice is the one that's surprised me.
She's really going for it now.
She's got curd, she's got Bavarois,
she's got Genoise sponge.
This one's fine.
The raspberry one is set,
it's just more mousse-y
than I would've liked.
Next, we're doing the crème au beurre.
It's basically a buttercream, super-rich.
Steph's doing a straightforward opera cake
with a few macarons.
[Steph] This is for my macarons.
No, I've not made macarons
in the competition.
I've barely made them in life.
I've put the choux in the oven.
Rosie's got quite a lot to do
'cause she's making the religieuse
and the Tropézienne.
All my stuff is patisserie
because it's patisserie week.
I'm trying to do
a celebration of patisserie.
So, yeah, much, much patisserie.
[David] This is a fancy piece
of equipment.
Cuts your cake perfect.
[Paul] David's doing a lot of sponges.
Is that delicate enough?
[Prue] Yeah, David's might just give us
a great big cake.
I think I'm ahead of time.
How long's it been?
Don't spin that too fast
'cause I'll take off.
Is this it?
I asked for an air-conditioning unit.
I'm gonna complain.
Bakers, you've got three hours left.
It's a bit of a breeze.
[Alice] Right, just don't panic. Right.
Everything needs to be in the freezer
in five minutes.
I need to pour my Bavarois in.
I'm going in with these macarons.
[Rosie] My choux looks okay.
[Alice] I'm gonna set this
for as long as possible.
How are you? [laughs]
Choux was not your friend yesterday.
Ah, see? Look. Already perfection.
Functional choux.
"Functional choux", like a lace-up brogue.
Right, now I need to get on
with some biscuits.
The glass box, it's gonna be supported
by a biscuit edge.
So, I'm making six biscuit frames.
These are my windows,
sort of an old-style Parisian window.
[David] It's spiced biscuit dough.
I wanna get these baked.
[Alice] I'm just gonna go
in the oven with this.
About 15 minutes.
Right, I need to pull myself together.
Can you tell I'm starting to panic?
It's gonna be really tight.
Bakers, you are halfway through.
This is in preparation for some isomalt.
[Sandi] Isomalt is a sugar substitute
that doesn't caramelise
and will remain clear.
Isomalt is just a sugar. It is just sugar.
Inverted sugar is what isomalt is.
[Alice] This stuff gets so hot.
I think it's about 300 degrees
or something when it's melted.
-[Noel] Are these gloves from work?
-Yep.
[laughing] Are they? Do you wear two?
For this, 'cause it's hot,
or for anything really stinky.
[laughing] "Stinky"? What would be stinky?
I'm not talking about smellies.
-Come on.
-No.
Whisper. What's the smelliest thing
you've come across?
Many things smell.
Anything's that gone a bit horrible.
Nasty abscesses can smell bad.
Lots of things can smell bad.
-Mmm.
This is more interesting than the show.
We should do a spin-off.
Got all my panes,
so they're ready to fill with isomalt.
[David] Yeah, that's fine.
The strength of the biscuit
is such an integral part to the bake.
It's gingerbread, very delicate.
The glass is gonna go in there.
That is the aim.
[Sandi] Although most bakers are making
biscuit to reinforce their sugar glass,
Steph is making panes
she'll risk gluing together.
-[Noel] How hot is that?
-[Steph] Really hot.
-Finger?
-Don't put your finger in there.
-Finger? Burn it? Okay.
-No, no.
Kind of the exact shade I wanted.
[Alice] My glass is gonna be wavy
like the ocean.
Fingers crossed I don't drop it somewhere
or it doesn't break.
Ideally, you want this to be clear.
The blowtorch gets rid
of surface bubbles.
[Alice] I've had mixed results this week.
If it's murky, I'll say,
"Well, it's just a reflection
of our oceans."
[Steph] I don't know how transparent
mine's gonna be.
I'll just do what I can.
[Rosie] I was supposed to be
blowtorching the bubbles off the back,
but I don't have time for that now.
And that is the least of my worries.
[David] It's basically already set.
Doesn't take long.
Not doing very well
with being delicate with this.
Can you tell it's not my bag? [sighs]
[Alice] They're okay.
It's not that clear, though.
Can you see my face?
Well, that's quite clear, isn't it?
[Sandi] All right?
All this baking's making me
feel a bit peckish.
Ah, that's why I got you these.
Delicious crisps.
I've never heard of those.
-They're really good.
-This is not one of your tricks again?
-Don't be ridiculous. Go for it.
-Sure? 'Cause we're a double act.
-I know and I love you.
-It's all about trust.
Yes, go for it.
[laughing]
Bak-- [laughs]
Bakers, you have one hour.
I've gotta have eye surgery now.
I hope you're happy.
[Sandi laughing]
I'm quite behind,
but, erm, I don't really know...
Erm... gonna try one of these macarons.
Think they're meant to be
more chewy than that.
[Alice] Right, don't panic.
This is my mirror glaze.
I need to get my cake out the freezer.
[David] There's less than an hour.
I'm feeling very stressy.
[Alice] It's been in the freezer
for quite a while.
I'm starting to panic
'cause I've got an hour left.
I just need this to work.
-You're not normally this stressed.
-Can you make it work?
What do you mean?
I'm always this stressed.
I don't normally have to calm you down.
I have to calm down Rosie
or I have to calm down Steph.
I have to get David more agitated.
That's my main job.
Whoo.
Assembly time for the cake.
[David] I've got a beetroot prune cake
on the bottom.
And then I'm gonna have
a layer of parsnip,
maple syrup cream cheese icing
to go in between those.
[Rosie] These are
my little tartes Tropézienne.
They are a bit dry, but they're getting
massive wad of cream in there.
Cream fixes everything.
[Steph] I think we're done.
[Alice] Right,
I need to make isomalt coral.
[David] This is my buttercream
for the succulents.
-[Noel] Happy?
-Yes, just everything's a bit busy today.
I don't know, I've been lying down.
Is it a busy one?
Oh, yeah, definitely.
[Noel] Look how quick you are
with that business.
We've gotta be quick.
-If you were doing this on your own...
-I wouldn't do this on my own.
[laughs] Why would you?
It'd be too weird.
Breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe.
I'm really, really behind.
Once I've done this, it's time
to start thinking about the glass box.
That's the next bit of fun.
Bakers, you have half an hour.
Just half an hour.
Can do a lot in half an hour.
I'm in panic mode now.
The construction bit
will be the difficult bit.
This is the stage where you've got
to start being very delicate.
If you break it, gone.
It's a challenge.
We all like challenges, don't we?
But it's likely to be my downfall,
shall we say.
Okay.
I'm assembling.
I just need to have a glass case.
[David] How will I do this fit?
[Steph] I'm gluing it with the isomalt.
[Alice] Probably isn't the best way
to do this, but needs must.
[Rosie] I am not confident about it
in the slightest.
[David] It's quite art deco, this design.
[Steph] I'm going for rustic.
You know, if I'm really honest, it is me.
I'm not perfect. How long have we got?
-Bakers, you have...
-15 minutes left, 15 minutes.
[Steph] He's lying, isn't he?
Oh, got to make chocolate soil.
[Rosie] This is crème pât.
This is going in my little tarte.
I'm really, really stressed.
[Alice] I'm just making
a chocolate starfish.
Literally just moulding it
with some coloured white chocolate.
[Steph] We'll just freestyle a little bit
with the decoration.
All the elements are there.
Er, it's wonky.
[Alice] Right, which is the front?
The box goes over the cake.
Bakers, you have one minute.
Just one minute.
[Alice] I don't know what to do.
[Rosie] Gonna hold this in place
and hope the caramel sets.
[Steph] Probably a bit clumsy,
but nearly there.
[Alice] I don't know if I can glue that.
Right, bakers, your time is up.
[sighs]
It's a bit of a mess, but it is done.
[Noel] It's judgment time for
the bakers' showstopping sugar cabinets.
Steph, please bring up
your sugar glass case.
It's pretty clear.
It's quite like old antique glass.
I think you've done a good job.
[Paul] Let's have a look.
It's very neat.
[Prue] Very dark chocolate.
That looks very pretty.
-You're a very good baker, Stephanie.
-Oh.
You really are.
The sponge is more dense
than I'd have liked,
but on the other hand,
you've got so many layers,
if it had been very light,
it would've been difficult.
It's very patisserie in its style
by the use of the macarons.
Everything you've done is very neat,
very tidy, very Steph,
and the box is good, too.
Yeah, I think you've done a good job.
Thank you.
It's very neat.
And I love the coloured glass.
It's quite clear.
[Paul] You can see through it.
It's a bit mottled in places.
-[Prue] That's very neat, too.
-[Paul] It is very neat.
It has to be absolutely level,
and it's not, 'cause it bends down.
It's wonderfully light.
Like a very good carrot cake.
Quite spicy, as always with you.
-Blindfolded, I'd know that was yours.
-[chuckles]
Patisserie week is all about delicacy,
finesse, intricate detail,
and I think by putting sponge on sponge
on sponge on sponge,
I think it's slightly wayward.
You need something
more delicate, more finesse.
[Prue] I absolutely agree.
It would've been better if there'd been
a bit more showing off of patisserie work.
I like the look of it.
Does look like old glass.
It's a good concept.
It's a bit simplistic,
considering it's a showpiece,
-it's a centrepiece, it's a showstopper.
-Yeah.
What's difficult is it's the same colour
all the way around.
[Prue] What you've done is interesting
'cause you've taken
a concept like time and family,
but it's the concept
that pulls them all together
not the gastronomic dish.
These are a bit boring, a bit dry.
-Dry and floury.
-Yeah, there's no flavour to it.
The little tarte
in the middle's delicious.
Thanks.
The religieuse are a little bit
off the mark as well
-'cause they're so small.
-Okay.
[Paul] You need to pack more of a punch.
But making that a centrepiece,
it's a tricky one, that one.
It's the mix
that doesn't quite work.
You can't really see much of it,
to be honest.
[Prue] If it'd been clear,
it would be astonishing.
That is really lovely,
and I like the boldness
that you've done a really big one.
Mmm, lovely flavour.
Very nice, the whole fresh raspberries
in there.
[Paul] There is flavour in there.
It's not particularly strong.
The strong part of it is the raspberry.
The raspberry comes through beautifully.
The weakness is the mousse
down at the bottom.
-Okay.
-It's not very mousse-like.
Your display is very good,
and it really shows off
what your theme was.
If you'd have asked me about an hour ago,
I think I would've said I was going home,
but I hope I've turned it around.
[Rosie] Yeah, it wasn't great.
I'm just a bit gutted to be honest,
just a bit gutted. Yeah.
This is patisserie week
and I didn't really do a patisserie.
They said it was more cake,
and that's what I was dreading.
Am I gonna be penalised
'cause that's not very patisserie?
It was pretty tight
coming into the Showstopper.
How do we feel they did?
[Paul] It's moved round a bit.
Alice has done a great job.
That's a decent-looking entremets.
Steph did a great job.
She really bounced back,
actually, in the Showstopper.
[Prue] She showed us
a lot of patisserie skills.
And ones who you were not impressed by,
the one that looks like a...
Looks like a sandwich, doesn't it?
It's basically a stack of sponge cakes,
and although it's technically patisserie,
it's not what we were asking for.
[Paul] His cabinet, though, was very good.
If we have to tick the elegant column,
that's not gonna happen with Rosie's?
-[Prue] No.
-[Paul] I have serious issues with this.
Because the little cakes that she made
are so dry,
no flavour in them whatsoever.
I don't think picking Star Baker's
gonna be that difficult.
I think the hard one is
who's gonna leave us at this late stage.
-It's the worst time to go out, right?
-It is, because you're nearly there.
I trust you two. We'll go away
for five hours while you talk about it?
-[Prue] Yes, I think so.
-We could be a while.
Hello, bakers.
Well done for all your hard work.
I've got the great job this week
of announcing the Star Baker
and the person that will be going
straight through to the final.
So, the Star Baker this week is...
Alice.
-[clapping]
-[Sandi] Well done.
-You're in the final.
-[Sandi] Congratulations.
So, that means I have the horrible job.
It gets so difficult.
Er, one of you will not be going through
to the final.
Can I just say very well done to everybody
before I announce it,
but I'm afraid the person
who will not be joining us next week is...
Rosie. I'm so sorry.
-You did so well.
-It's okay.
You did an amazing job.
You pulled it back together.
Yesterday, you were incredible.
Well done, sweetheart. I'm so sorry.
[Rosie] I'm gutted. I am gutted.
I just have to be happy with everything
that I've done so far.
Oh, Rosie. You did so well.
Paul said it was just that one part
of that last bake.
Rosie tried to show a lot of skills,
but they weren't
a good collection together
and she didn't do them particularly well.
[Paul] Rosie slipped up...
Sorry, Rosie.
...which is the saddest part about it.
-But you are a bloody good baker.
-Thanks.
Likewise, David, who was also in line
for possibly going,
he basically made a cake.
[Prue] There's no doubt about it.
If Rosie had had a good day,
it would be David who was going.
I feel like
I could've just dodged a bullet.
Paul wasn't impressed,
and it just wasn't patisserie.
On the other hand,
Alice winning Star Baker...
Thank you.
[Paul] Alice is one to watch.
She's got stronger and stronger.
I'm probably gonna have
a mini-meltdown this week
from the pressure. [laughs]
-What a great week to go into the final.
-I know.
Isn't that wonderful?
We've got three very talented bakers
in there.
Oh, my God.
-[Prue] Well done, Steph.
-Thank you.
Three bakes to go.
They're very artistic bakers,
they're very imaginative.
If they all bring their A-game,
next week's final will be one
of the best finals we've ever had.
That feels good. I'm in the final.